Fix FAQ's low-hanging fruit (#7265)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/mv3/faq/index.md

### Are extensions fetched from the web every time the browser is loaded? {: #faq-gen-03 }

Extensions are downloaded by the Chrome browser upon install, and are subsequently run off of

> local memory to speed up performance. However, if a new version of the extension is uploaded to

Author: ```suggestion
local disk to speed up performance. However, if a new version of the extension is uploaded to
```

remotely-hosted code.

### How do I determine which version of Chrome is deployed to which channel? {: #faq-dev-14 }

To determine which version of Chrome is currently available on each of the different platforms,
visit [chrome releases][34], which lists the current Chrome releases for each channel and platform.

## Capabilities {: #capabilities2 }

### Can extensions make cross-origin network requests? {: #faq-dev-02 }

Yes. Extensions can make cross-origin network requests. See [this page][35] for more information.

### Can extensions use 3rd party web services? {: #faq-dev-03 }

Yes. Extensions are capable of making cross-origin network requests, so they can call remote APIs
directly. APIs that provide data in JSON format are particularly easy to use.

### Can extensions encode/decode JSON data? {: #faq-dev-07 }

Yes. Chrome's JavaScript engine, called "V8", has built-in support for
[JSON.stringify][stringify] and [JSON.parse][parse] so you can use these
functions in your extensions without including JSON libraries in
your code.

### Can extensions store data locally? {: #faq-dev-08 }

> Yes. Extensions provides a [storage API][63] designed specifically for extenions. You can also use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. Extensions provide a [storage API][63] designed specifically for extensions. You can also use
```

> the web platform's storage APIs: the [Web Storage API][37], and [IndexedDB][38]. If you use an

Reviewer: This may confuse developers in thinking they can use Window.localStorage in a service worker.

> [extension service worker][64], [CacheStorage][65] is also available.

Author: ```suggestion
[extension service worker][64], you can use[CacheStorage][65] in addition to extensions APIs.
```

for more information.

### Can extensions use Google Analytics? {: #faq-dev-13 }

Yes, since extensions are built just like websites, they can use [Google Analytics][45] to track
usage. See [Using Google Analytics 4][46] for more information.

### Can extensions modify chrome:// URLs? {: #faq-dev-15 }

No. The extensions APIs have been designed to minimize backwards compatibility issues that can arise
when new versions of the browser are pushed. Allowing content scripts on `chrome://` URLs would mean
that developers would begin to rely on the DOM, CSS, and JavaScript of these pages to stay the same.
In the best case, these pages could not be updated as quickly as they are currently.
In the worst case, it could mean that an update to one of these pages could cause an extension to
break, causing key parts of the browser to stop working for users of that extension.

The reason that [replacing the content][47] hosted at these URLs entirely is allowed is because it
forces an extension developer to implement all of the functionality they want without depending on
the browser's internal implementation to stay the same.

> ### Can extensions open browser/page action popups without a user interaction? {: #faq-open-popups }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Can extensions open action popups without a user interaction? {: #faq-open-popups }
```
